how to optimize Tick Tock for SEO now I
know what you're thinking what does tick
tock have to do with SEO but if you've
been paying attention to any social
media platform over the last several
years you know that they tie into SEO
and Tick Tock is one of the fastest
growing platforms out there and the app
generated 4.6 billion dollars in Revenue
in 2021. that's 142 increase year over
year this means that you absolutely
can't afford to overlook it as a part of
your marketing strategy and according to
Google's own internal data nearly 40
percent of gen Z users prefer to use
tick tock and Instagram over Google to
search
one of their svps at Google has even
said the new internet users don't have
the expectations and the mindset that
Google has become accustomed to so how
can you make sure that your Tech talk
presence is fully optimized for SEO well
step one understand your audience and
their search intent ask yourself who
you're trying to reach and what they're
looking for from your content there's
four types of intent informational
preferential transactional and
navigational just make sure you
understand which one of those intents
your ideal customer is looking for so
that way you can best create content for
them for example if my audience is
related to food and they're just looking
for informational content on how to
create an omelette or a pancake my
content my video on Tick Tock may be
more information on creating
step-by-step instructions on how to
create a pancake
step two select the right keywords for
your video you can use tools like
ubersuggest or answer the public to
figure out what is trending right now in
your space and what people are searching
for if you go to Uber says type in any
keyword it'll show you literally a
million plus variations of that keyword
that people search for and the keyword
based on how popular it is and what
people are looking for keep in mind even
though it may be competitive on Google
it won't be that competitive on Tick
Tock when it comes to SEO and if you use
tools like answer the public it tells
you right now today what is trending and
it pulls keywords based on what people
are searching from from search engines
like Google and showing you what's
popular that people want to hear about
today that they will be searching for
also on Tick Tock and create content
around those subjects step 3 Define your
hashtag strategy think of hashtags as
like keywords choose the main one as
well as supplemental ones that are less
competitive that might be easier to rank
for like long tail keywords and again
and you can use tools like ubersuggest
and answer the public to give you these
keywords step 4 review your performance
look at your analytics all these tools
provide analytics even if you're trying
to do marketing outside of just Tick
Tock and look to see what's done well
and what hasn't done well create more
content and the videos of the stuff
that's done well and less of the stuff
that hasn't done well if your account
continually gets more views you're more
likely to rank higher so make sure
you're focusing on content that people
actually want to listen to and watch
that'll help you perform better on Tick
Tock as well because if you keep
creating content that people don't want
to watch it tells our algorithm hey most
videos are duds so don't rank the
overall account well for almost anything
that's why you want to eliminate the
does and create more of the good stuff
that'll help you rank higher on Tick
Tock for all your videos when it comes
to SEO if you need help with your Tick
Tock marketing or any social media
marketing whether it's paid or organic
check out my Ad Agency NP digital where
we help companies grow if you have any
questions leave a comment below if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you very much